hi Matthew yards from here author of the
crazy successful you will be thinner
feel great available right now on
amazon.com or curly UK so you can crush
your copy today and we're still gonna
head here with talking about you know hi
to eat hardly feeling what do you mean
highly put the food in your mouth and
you swallow it well that is exactly
right and at the same time blood but
don't do that put the foot in the mouth
it doesn't need to society or straight
down the throat and you know so what
about you written here is it's not what
you eat the determined your health
waistline it's highly readers over
ninety-five percent of fat people eat
too fast and they don't eat too fast
because they're fat they're fat because
they too fast no that makes sense you're
not just do it start eating a lot slower
slow right down to each mindful 50 times
at least 50 times make sure your
emotional food of liquid and then you
know even the nice relaxed state because
I've seen I see all around me when I see
someone who's ever way I fast they need
and they all eat passes very limited
exceptions very limited like I said here
maybe five percent of people that are
overweight eat slowly and pretty
masticate they're very that means true
it fully and so it's something that's so
so important that I can't over emphasize
this enough importance of it and it's
one of the reasons that I need /
emphasizes because people just don't
think it matters but it really does it
really doesn't matter so I really want
to get that across you because it will
actually transform your life as crazy as
it sounds eating slower will transform
your life okay so that's been a value my
name is Matthew Ostrom you can purchase
you will be thinner feel great
calm or a cuckoo you can't go ahead go
get it now take care of see you next
time
you